And one more thing,
I had a good idea recently,
and that idea was to hook kids up
to what they think is a lie detector.
They think that because I lied to them
and told them it was a lie detector.
I think we've done this a few times now.
People seem to enjoy it.
So we went ahead and did it again,
this time with an adorable
young lady whose name is Joel.
Hello, how are you?
Now, this is the truth fairy.
The tooth fairy is going
to hook you up to this machine.
Go ahead and start doing that.
This is called a lie detector.
You know what that is, man?
A lie detector is a machine that is able
to know if you're telling
the truth or not.
OK, so I'm going to ask you
to just tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and not a half truth.
OK, OK.
Is that comfortable on your head?
OK, we're off to a bad start.
Just is that feels a little uncomfortable.
Right.
OK, what is your name.
Joe.
OK, Joel.
How old are you.
Five and a half.
And what grade are you in.
Kindergarten.
Do you like all the other kids at school?
If you know a few not who do
you have a problem with?
And one test playing in the playground.
This has been really moved site.
And like that guy, his name's Riley.
Riley.
OK, Riley.
All right.
Anybody else?
Nobody else.
Do you secretly love Riley
now?
A little bit
later.
Yes, sometimes that happens when boys will
tease girls at school and they're mean to
them, it's because they really like them.
Did you know that?
No.
So I have a feeling Riley
has a crush on you.
Mm hmm.
Have you ever killed anyone now?
OK.
Do you think you ever will kill anyone?
No.
OK, that's good.
Do you know who let the dogs out?
Yeah. Whoo hoo hoo!
That's weird that it would do that, huh?
Are you always nice to the
other kids in your class?
Yes,
not always.
That matters.
Sometimes I'm like
I have a friend named Jaden and I'm going
to tell you because my child
and she just kept scabbed on it.
Oh, she scribbles gravel all over
your drawing and you tattled on her.
Yeah.
And you felt like that wasn't
a nice thing to do.
Yeah.
But why did she scribble
Scrabble all over your drawing?
I don't know.
That wasn't a nice thing for her.
Would you ever scribble Scrabble on her?
You would travel Scrabble on her drawing.
That's kind of what I thought.
All right. Do you have any secrets
that you're keeping from me?
Yes.
What are they?
I like the thing you like Griffin.
Who's Griffin?
He a blames when he.
He's very cute.
Oh, he is.
His name is Griffin.
Does he know you think he's cute?
Yeah.
Because Whitey chased me.
Huh.
That's how, you know,
you let him catch you now.
But secretly you want him
to keep chasing you, don't you?
Yes.
And that always the way.
That's why we can't figure women out.
I mean, what is it with you people?
You know,
anything you want to ask the truth.
Go ahead and make a big
gumball machine, ok?
OK, glad we got that settled.
Well, thank you very much.
It was very nice to meet you.
Thank you for telling
the truth most of the time.